# Design Document

## Technical Decisions
### In this section, share and justify the technical decisions you made.
A significant design challenge occured when we tried implementing dropdowns through Bootstrap but ran into functional issues. For instance, when we tried to set up a user’s profile and indicate that they were living in Wigglesworth hall, the input did not physically save (the dropdown just went back to saying “all”). We fixed this by taking a look at html from the Harvard College Facebook (https://facebook.college.harvard.edu//searchform) instead of using Bootstrap’s documentation.
A feature in our project that could have been implemented in multiple ways was the scoreboard. We originally planned to tally up the points of each SibFam (each group of five CSA members, 2 being upperclassmen and 2 being underclassmen) based on the amount of dates each individual member scheduled. However, we decided to implement it such that the scoreboard tracked the individual members with the highest points (with the most amount of dates scheduled). This was both for the practicality of the site’s usage as well as ease on our end, since tallying up points per member would more accurately reflect each members’ individual effort to build community.

## Ethical Decisions
### What motivated you to complete this project? What features did you want to create and why?
Our motivations stemmed from our passion for growing and sustaining the Harvard-Radcliffe CSA community. We wanted to create a site that allows CSA members to find one another based on academic interests, house, and year, and schedule meals with fellow CSA members. The most important feature that we wanted to create was a date scheduler, since the current method that people schedule dinner dates is through group chats and iMessage, which is inefficient because it limits you to the people you already know; it’s also messy to organize meals over text with someone you don’t know well. Through our date scheduler, CSA members can meet other members with similar interests. We also wanted to create a scoreboard in order to motivate people to get meals and build community within the club, which is an issue that we have had over the past few years. We currently have a dinner date system implemented within the board members, but we wanted to expand this system to general members using an easy-to-use website.

### Who are the intended users of your project? What do they want, need, or value?
The intended users of our project are CSA members, specifically first-years in CSA. For the purposes of the club (CSA), these users want and need a convenient way to connect with other CSA members, whether it’s to meet people of similar interests, look to upperclassmen for mentorship and guidance, or simply to make new friends within the Chinese community at Harvard.

### How does your project's impact on users change as the project scales up?
The project’s features might be misused between two CSA members who are friends. Currently, CSA members who don’t know each other struggle to set up these dinner dates and to meet new CSA members. However, if getting meals becomes a competition, two CSA members who do know each other might just repeatedly set up meals between themselves and earn points for the scoreboard. This would give them an unfair advantage over other CSA members who use our date scheduler.